Radio test project (#280)
DotBots/DotBot-firmware: projects/03app_radio_test/README.md

> # Radioapplication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Radio test application
```

> ## This application allows test for the radio see at https://github.com/HappyTakoumi/nRF52840DK-radio-Check

Author: where to I put my python code that go with this ?

> ## This application allows test for the radio see at https://github.com/HappyTakoumi/nRF52840DK-radio-Check

Reviewer: Good point! I forgot to mention the Python script. You can add it in `dist/scripts/radio_test`

> ### In this repertory you can found:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### In this directory you can found:
```

* TX: Transmit packet

> * RX: Receive packet and send them in the uart 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RX: Receive radio packets and forwards them to UART
```
